### What are the differences between function declarations and function expressions in JavaScript?

In JavaScript, there are two primary ways to define functions: function declarations and function expressions. Here are the main differences between them:

1. Syntax and hoisting:
  - Function declarations have the following syntax:
    ```javascript
    function functionName(parameters) {
      // Function body
    }
    ```
    Function declarations are hoisted to the top of their scope, meaning they can be invoked before they are declared in the code.

  - Function expressions have the following syntax:
    ```javascript
    const functionName = function(parameters) {
      // Function body
    };
    ```
    Function expressions are not hoisted, so they must be declared before they are invoked in the code.

2. Usage:
  - Function declarations can be used in both the global scope and within other functions. They create named functions that can be invoked using their name.

  - Function expressions are often used as anonymous functions or assigned to variables. They can be used anywhere an expression is allowed. The variable holding the function expression can be invoked as a function.

3. Named function expressions:
  - Function expressions can also have names. Named function expressions have the advantage of providing a name that can be used for self-reference or stack traces, but the name is only accessible within the function's scope.

4. Function expression examples:
   ```javascript
   const sum = function(a, b) {
     return a + b;
   };

   const sayHello = function() {
     console.log("Hello!");
   };
   ```

5. Function declaration examples:
   ```javascript
   function sum(a, b) {
     return a + b;
   }

   function sayHello() {
     console.log("Hello!");
   }
   ```

It's worth noting that arrow functions, introduced in ECMAScript 6 (ES6), provide another way to define functions in JavaScript. Arrow functions have a more concise syntax and lexical `this` binding, but they also have some differences in behavior compared to function declarations and expressions.

In summary, function declarations are hoisted and can be used before they are declared, while function expressions are not hoisted and must be declared before they are invoked. Function expressions are often used as anonymous functions or assigned to variables, while function declarations create named functions that can be invoked using their name.

Certainly! Here are some official documentation and reputable resources where you can find more information about the differences between function declarations and function expressions in JavaScript:

- Mozilla Developer Network (MDN) JavaScript documentation:
  - Function declarations: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
  - Function expressions: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/function

- "JavaScript: The Definitive Guide" by David Flanagan: This book provides comprehensive coverage of JavaScript and covers the topics of function declarations and function expressions in Chapter 8. You can find the book here: https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/javascript-the-definitive/9781449393854/

- "Eloquent JavaScript" by Marijn Haverbeke: This book is a beginner-friendly introduction to JavaScript and covers the topic of function declarations and function expressions in Chapter 3. You can access the book online here: https://eloquentjavascript.net/

These resources should provide you with detailed explanations, examples, and further insights into the differences between function declarations and function expressions in JavaScript.
